# Toontown-United

Hello, you have made it! You now have access to the source code for Toontown United. All information in this repo is private for a reason. Do not share this info via Skype. Private information can be shared via the team Slack.

Please be aware that if you are found leaking this source code, things might get nasty. Certain parts of this source code are licenced to Emerald Digi LTD, a Registered UK Company and Legal Action will be taken.


### The Rules

Bellow are the rules for contributing to this project.

1. Do not override changes made by others unless stated otherwise.
2. Do not share repo information and files.
3. Do not touch branches that do not belong to you. (e.g. Touch the Holiday-MGR branch, and YOU. WILL. FEEL. PAIN)
4. Follow other rules stated by developers (e.g. Do not edit this file, means you do not edit the file).
5. Do not add anything that is not either and issue or an agreed feature. (e.g. Do not add an Injector into the game).
6. Follow these rules at all times.


### Contact

You can contact Ollie at 
[Oliver.Handford@emerald-digital.co.uk](mailto:Oliver.Handford@emerald-digital.co.uk) if support is required.

### Current contributors

Ollie - @olliee (Leader, Developer) <br>
Drew - @gamesawdrew (Head Developer) <br>
Michael - @mgracer48 (Admin) <br>
James - @jcortez (Developer) <br>
Sam - @xsammyboi (Developer) <br>

### MG's Personal Rules

1. Do not make any changes directly to the Master branch unless approved by Ollie or Drew
2. Do not authorise your own Pull requests
3. Only work in your own branch
4. Do not work or make changes in anyone elses branch(es) unless permission is given.
5. Do not beg to have your pull requests merged. 
   That means don't do this:
    [5:08:37 PM] MGRacer: trust me drew
    [5:08:42 PM] MGRacer: please merge this
    [5:09:10 PM] MGRacer: please drew
    [5:09:12 PM] MGRacer: please
